add DataHourMC command (#18)
jooby-dev/jooby-docs: docs/commands/uplink/DataHourMC.md

| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `1`          | `byte`                                                       | command id = `0x16`                                              |
| `1`          | `byte`                                                       | command size (dynamic, `4+`)                                     |
| `2`          | [packed date](../../types.md#packed-date)                    | [date](#date)                                                    |
| `1`          | [packed hours](../../types.md#packed-hours)                  | [hours](#hours)                                                  |
| `1..5`       | [extended value](../../types.md#extended-value)              | [channels bit set](#channels-bit-set)                            |
| `[1..5]*n*h` | sequence of [extended values](../../types.md#extended-value) | [channel values with diffs sequence](#channel-values-with-diffs) |

> `n` - amount of selected channels. <br>

> > `h` - amount of diffs for each channel.

Reviewer: ```md
> `h` - amount of hours.
```
or

```md
> `h` - amount of hourly diffs for each channel.
```

?

Author: applied

It's a command with a [two-bytes header](../message.md#command-with-a-two-bytes-header).

### Parameters

#### **date**

> The command contains channel values data for this date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command contains pulse counter of channels for this date.
```
?

Author: applied
